[Music]
Kirra will be transferred into a small
enclosure built specially for the
release with all the people gathered
around her cage Kira is stressed after
two years together it's hard to say
goodbye a lot of things going on my mind
now that makes me feel very very happy a
privilege to be involved with this but
very anxious also to see how this is
gonna all end up
well you can talk today as a scientist
but I will talk as a mother a speakeasy
[Music]
as a person that took care of this
special animal with aromas here
[Music]
it's really mixed feeling in the air and
she's finally free but at the same time
she's just having this dramatic
separation from from us and from from
her brother and sister it's a sad moment
but at the same time there's some
excitement and some expectation that
you'll have a good life
[Music]